How is it coming out?
Your Majesty, let him go first
Don't delay the big thing
Go go go
Hurry up
Work hard, work hard
Your Majesty, you cannot enter
You can't help if you go in.
Having a baby is like this
Emperor, don't worry
It will be born in a while, work hard
The emperor gave birth to a prince
Your Majesty, look how cute you are
Emperor
Thank you
The emperor's concubine looked haggard
You'd better go see the children first
I'm not going anywhere
Child taken care of
I'm right here watching you
Have you decided on the name of the emperor's child?
I've already thought about it
It's called the biography of Chu Zedfu
My will is to make Chu Zhe the crown prince